You know, it's a great program for a lot
of restaurants that have been involved
for many years or for new restaurants that want to
get involved with the program. The
public knows about it, there's a lot of
publicity
so it is a great way to draw customers
through your doors
but you also have to know if it meets
the criteria
of your business. The price points, if your
restaurant is already packed during these
times and dates, it may not be the best
but if you're looking to draw business
if you're
a more upscale restaurant looking
introduce a little bit
less expensive menu that you know, allows people
may otherwise eat at your restaurant, try a
prix fixe menu, it can be great.
Valentine's Day any type of holiday is
usually
pretty good for the most part for the
restaurant industry in the spring if you
have a nice
spring when you can have sidewalk cafes
out if you're a restaurant with one
that can also be great. You know,
it also depends on the neighborhood
and on the time the year. Some places have large outdoor space
people love it during the summer.
Some places are really cozy during the
winter.
So it really is about a restaurant knowing
what their concept is, what they are at their core,
because then they'll find guests to come
back hopefully multiple times
Additional minimum wage increase right
now can be a huge addition of labor cost.
You're talking about thirteen dollars an
hour
and for tipped employees who are currently
paid up five dollars an hour
but when you calculate their tips they
often earn many multiples
of the minimum wage. You know bring
that up to thirteen dollars eliminating
a tip credit could be a 130% labor increase so that's a lot
of money for the restaurant industry who
relies heavily on
waiters and waitresses and
bartenders and then just general
businesses.
A couple dollars per an hour through the
week for each employee,
it really adds up. At the same time they
understand there's a need but
there's only so much the businesses can
afford.